# Balance - AI-Assisted-Bookkeeping
GDP Project

## Wiki Editors History
* Wyatt: Meeting with Dr. Voss during class time, took meeting minutes, and helped add plus format the meeting minutes 5 wiki page
* Owen: Added paragraph to description page, researched and learned basic TypeScripting.
* Corey: Restart proposed prototypes to reflect new direction discussed in meeting 4.
  * History: Started Home page, finalized format to be used for wiki pages. Added Developer info to the About wiki page. Added first version of the Charter Draft. Added preliminary project research for bookkeeping. Added preliminary project research for the month-end process. Added Functional Requirements wiki page with proper formatting. Added first two use cases about account creation and user login. Added Manager permissions use case and diagram to the wiki. Modified use case wiki page to have proper format for accountant and IT permissions sections, added both diagram files for the sections to project. Added talking points to the agenda section of the meeting 2 wiki. Added and/or updated functional requirements to include info received form meeting 2. Fleshed out ambiguous functional requirements into separate requirements. Finalized iteration 1 of the non-functional requirements wiki. Finish use case 8 and reformat use cases 6 and 7 of iteration 2 of the use cases wiki. Added diagram files to project to complete Use Cases 2, then inserted the diagrams for cases 6 and 7. Added meeting 3 page, linked it to the home page, and put some items on the agenda list. Added sections to the meeting 3 wiki page. Added ER Diagram to wiki and project. Added database research to wiki. Added new ERDs to wiki. Added final ERDs to Data Management Plan 2 wiki. Make and start Functional Requirements 3 wiki. Create and start meeting 4 wiki. Upload seed data file to github, add instructions to wiki. Set up wiki pages for assignments this week. Finish functional requirements 3.
